Expose ability to set certificate renewal target times (#453)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/con_tls-certificates-duration.adoc

[id="tls-certificates-duration_{context}"]
= Configuring the duration for the TLS certificates

[role="_abstract"]
You can configure the duration for the TLS certificates used for the connections with
Elasticsearch and {MessageBus} in {Project} ({ProjectShort}). To do so,

> modify the `ServiceTelemetry` object and configure the `certificates` parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the duration of the TLS certificates that you use for the connections with
Elasticsearch and {MessageBus} in {Project} ({ProjectShort}),
modify the `ServiceTelemetry` object and configure the `certificates` parameters.

> You can configure the duration for the TLS certificates used for the connections with
> Elasticsearch and {MessageBus} in {Project} ({ProjectShort}). To do so,
> modify the `ServiceTelemetry` object and configure the `certificates` parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the duration of the TLS certificates that you use for the connections with
Elasticsearch and {MessageBus} in {Project} ({ProjectShort}),
modify the `ServiceTelemetry` object and configure the `certificates` parameters.
```

[id="configuration-parameters-for-tls-certificates-duration_{context}"]
== Configuration parameters for the TLS certificates

The `certificates` parameter contains the following sub-parameters for configuring the

> certificates duration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the the following sub-parameters of the `certificates` parameter to configure the
duration of the certificate :
```

> The `certificates` parameter contains the following sub-parameters for configuring the
> certificates duration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the duration of the certificate with the following sub-parameters of the `certificates` parameter:
```

> endpointCertDuration:: The requested 'duration' (i.e. lifetime) of the endpoint Certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
endpointCertDuration:: The requested 'duration' or lifetime of the endpoint Certificate.
```

> Minimum accepted duration is 1 hour. Value must be in units accepted by Go time.ParseDuration https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum valid duration is 1 hour. The value must be in units accepted by Go time.ParseDuration. For more information about Go ParseDuration, see:  https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration.
```

Reviewer 2: For more information about Go time.ParseDuration [...]

> Default value is `70080h`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value is `70080h`.
```

> Default value is `70128h`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Default value is `70080h`.
```

caCertDuration:: The requested 'duration' (i.e. lifetime) of the CA Certificate.

> Minimum accepted duration is 1 hour. Value must be in units accepted by Go time.ParseDuration https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum valid duration is 1 hour. You must set a value in units that are accepted by Go time.ParseDuration. For more information about Go ParseDuration, see:  https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration.
```

Reviewer 2: For more information about Go time.ParseDuration [...]

> Default value is `70128h`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Default value is `70080h`.
```

> NOTE:: Certificates are by default long lived considering a subset of them are expected to be copied in the {OpenStack}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE:: The default duration of certificates is long, because you usually copy a subset of them in the {OpenStack} deployment when the certificates renew.
```

deployment when they renew. For more information about the QDR CA Certificate renewal process, see
xref:assembly-renewing-the-amq-interconnect-certificate_assembly[]

> The `certificates` parameter for Elasticsearch is part of the `backends.events.elasticsearch` definition and is configured in the `ServiceTelemetry` object:

Reviewer 2: Needs ending period or colon. I don't believe we just leave these sentences open ended.

> The `certificates` parameter for ElasticSearch is part of the `backends.events.elasticsearch` definition and is configured in the `ServiceTelemetry` object:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `certificates` parameter for Elasticsearch is part of the `backends.events.elasticsearch` definition and is configured in the `ServiceTelemetry` object:
```
